Docs: Speaker update (#695)
bbcmicrobit/micropython: docs/music.rst

    their defaults before the music (whatever it may be) is played.

    An optional argument to specify the output pin can be used to override the

>     default of ``microbit.pin0``.

Reviewer: This applies to all the modules: we should also indicate that if we don't want sound output to any pin we can pass `pin=None`

Author: Updated in https://github.com/bbcmicrobit/micropython/pull/695/commits/05c8b169faa12a8b27fa760a3f374dd47bc999a1

    If ``wait`` is set to ``True``, this function is blocking.

    If ``loop`` is set to ``True``, the tune repeats until ``stop`` is called
    (see below) or the blocking call is interrupted.

> .. py:function:: pitch(frequency, duration=-1, pin=pin0, wait=True)

Reviewer: pin argument is not mentioned in this description.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/bbcmicrobit/micropython/pull/695/commits/05c8b169faa12a8b27fa760a3f374dd47bc999a1

    default of ``microbit.pin0``. If we do not want any sound to play we can
    use ``pin=None``.

    If ``wait`` is set to ``True``, this function is blocking.

    If ``loop`` is set to ``True``, the tune repeats until ``stop`` is called
    (see below) or the blocking call is interrupted.

.. py:function:: pitch(frequency, duration=-1, pin=pin0, wait=True)

    Plays a pitch at the integer frequency given for the specified number of
    milliseconds. For example, if the frequency is set to 440 and the length to
    1000 then we hear a standard concert A for one second.

    Note that you can only play one pitch on one pin at any one time.

    An optional argument to specify the output pin can be used to override the
    default of ``microbit.pin0``. If we do not want any sound to play we can
    use ``pin=None``.

    If ``wait`` is set to ``True``, this function is blocking.

    If ``duration`` is negative the pitch is played continuously until either
    the blocking call is interrupted or, in the case of a background call, a
    new frequency is set or ``stop`` is called (see below).

.. py:function:: stop(pin=pin0)
    

>     Stops all music playback on the built-in speaker and sound output pin, eg.
>     ``music.stop(pin1)``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Stops all music playback on the built-in speaker and any pin outputting
    sound. An optional argument can be provided to specify a pin, eg.
    ``music.stop(pin1)``.
```

    blocking call is interrupted or, in the case of a background call, a new
    frequency is set or ``stop`` is called (see below).

> .. py:function:: stop(pin=pin1)

Reviewer: Default is still pin0.

```suggestion
.. py:function:: stop(pin=pin0)
```

>     Stops all music playback on the built-in speaker and an optional pin, eg.

Reviewer: Instead of "optional" could could say something like "a pin outputting sound"?

Author: UPdated in https://github.com/bbcmicrobit/micropython/pull/695/commits/05c8b169faa12a8b27fa760a3f374dd47bc999a1

>     ``music.stop(pin1)``. If no pin is given, eg. ``music.stop()`` all playback

Reviewer: This makes it sound like there could be multiple pins playing, which is not the case.

Author: Updated in https://github.com/bbcmicrobit/micropython/pull/695/commits/05c8b169faa12a8b27fa760a3f374dd47bc999a1
